0. In the folder 'data', there are six folders. The folder 'Expert' contains data from 10 experts, while the remaining five folders each contain data from 10 students of different grades.1. xlsx represents 'RFTR'；2. xlsx represents 'RDTR'；3. xlsx represents 'RFLT'；4. xlsx represents 'RDLT'.
﻿1. In the folder '01 Data Processing', run the Read.py turn video to execl；run the Turn1.py and Turn2.py, convert the excel file of raw data into an excel file of feature data .
2. In the folder '02 Classifier training', run the main.py ,construct corresponding feature selected models from each Excel file containing features.You can choose whether to use a filter or not,the process of feature selection will be recorded in record.xlsx.
3. In the folder '03 Classification model' , Put the model file generated in '02 Classifier training' into the corresponding location in '03 Classification model/model'，run Prediction.py, can identify the data of one or a group of individuals.
4. In the folder '04 Experiment1' , replace DNN.py in '02 Classifier training' with each. py file in the folder one by one. In the data folder, WE.xlsx is a feature file extracted from raw data that has not undergone data augmentation. Afterwards, we can obtain models based on different classification algorithms and data. Put these models into '03 Classification model',we can verify the performance of different classification algorithms and data augmentation algorithms.
5. In the folder '05 Experiment2', run compare.py, through changing different feature selection functions, we can obtain DNN models based on different feature selection algorithms. Put these models into '03 Classification model',we can verify the performance of different feature selection algorithms.
6. In the folder '06 Experiment3',  running each. py file, we can obtain the classification performance of different classification algorithms on heart disease data. 
7. In the folder '07 Experiment4', running each. py file, we can get the classification effect of different hand action recognition algorithms on manual acupuncture  manipulation data.